doc: document major finished changes in v14 (#33065)
nodejs/node: doc/api/stream.md

  - version: v13.10.0
    pr-url: https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/31223
    description: Add support for async generators.
  - version: v14.0.0
    pr-url: https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/32158
    description: The `pipeline(..., cb)` will wait for the `'close'` event

>                  before invoking the callback. The implementation tries to
>                  detect legacy streams and only apply this behavior to streams
>                  which are expected to emit `'close'`.

Reviewer: > The implementation tries to
>                 detect legacy streams and only apply this behavior to streams
>                 which are expected to emit `'close'`.

Actually that's not part 14.0.0, I'd say it deserves its own item.

```suggestion
                 before invoking the callback.
 - version: 14.1.0
    pr-url: https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/33058
    description: The `pipeline(..., cb)` tries to detect legacy streams and
                 don't wait for the `'close'` event to invoke the callback.
```

Author: @aduh95 It is part of v14. The detection has been improved since 14.0.0 but it was already there.

Reviewer: Good to know, sorry for the confusion.
